IfcCableFitting Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:32:04.5156286Z (#152)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/j/JacketColour_1vHztIiLn2ZvG$H5JLPMVP/Documentation.md

> Indicates the color of the outer jacket of the cable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates the colour of the outer jacket of the cable or fitting.
```

> Indicates the colour of the outer jacket of the cable or fitting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Indicates the colour of the cable or fitting jacket.
```
